NAME                                                                          VERSION                                            TYPE         
1to2                                                                          1.0.0                                              npm           
@kasmtech/novnc                                                               1.3.0                                              npm           
@socket.io/component-emitter                                                  3.1.0                                              npm           
@types/cookie                                                                 0.4.1                                              npm           
@types/cors                                                                   2.8.13                                             npm           
@types/node                                                                   20.5.6                                             npm           
TBB                                                                           0.2                                                python        
abseil-cpp                                                                    20230125.3-2                                       alpm          
accepts                                                                       1.3.8                                              npm           
acl                                                                           2.3.1-3                                            alpm          
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts                                                   2.042u+1.062i+1.026vf-1                            alpm          
adwaita-cursors                                                               44.0-1                                             alpm          
adwaita-icon-theme                                                            44.0-1                                             alpm          
akonadi-contacts                                                              23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
alsa-lib                                                                      1.2.9-1                                            alpm          
alsa-topology-conf                                                            1.2.5.1-3                                          alpm          
alsa-ucm-conf                                                                 1.2.9-1                                            alpm          
amdvlk                                                                        2023.Q2.3-1                                        alpm          
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                              npm           
aom                                                                           3.6.1-1                                            alpm          
archlinux-keyring                                                             20230821-1                                         alpm          
argon2                                                                        20190702-5                                         alpm          
array-flatten                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm           
async                                                                         3.2.4                                              npm           
at-spi2-core                                                                  2.48.3-2                                           alpm          
attica                                                                        5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
attr                                                                          2.5.1-3                                            alpm          
audit                                                                         3.1.2-1                                            alpm          
autoconf                                                                      2.71-4                                             alpm          
automake                                                                      1.16.5-2                                           alpm          
avahi                                                                         1:0.8+r22+gfd482a7-1                               alpm          
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                              npm           
base-devel                                                                    1-1                                                alpm          
base64id                                                                      2.0.0                                              npm           
bash                                                                          5.1.016-4                                          alpm          
bindings                                                                      1.5.0                                              npm           
binutils                                                                      2.41-3                                             alpm          
bison                                                                         3.8.2-6                                            alpm          
blas                                                                          3.11.0-2                                           alpm          
body-parser                                                                   1.20.1                                             npm           
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                             npm           
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                              npm           
breeze-icons                                                                  5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
bridge-utils                                                                  1.7.1-1                                            alpm          
brotli                                                                        1.0.9-12                                           alpm          
bytes                                                                         3.1.2                                              npm           
bzip2                                                                         1.0.8-5                                            alpm          
c-ares                                                                        1.19.1-1                                           alpm          
ca-certificates                                                               20220905-1                                         alpm          
ca-certificates-mozilla                                                       3.92-1                                             alpm          
ca-certificates-utils                                                         20220905-1                                         alpm          
cairo                                                                         1.17.8-2                                           alpm          
call-bind                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm           
cantarell-fonts                                                               1:0.303.1-1                                        alpm          
cblas                                                                         3.11.0-2                                           alpm          
cdparanoia                                                                    10.2-8                                             alpm          
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                              npm           
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm           
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                              npm           
command-line-arguments                                                        (devel)                                            go-module     
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                              npm           
containerd                                                                    1.7.2-1                                            alpm          
content-disposition                                                           0.5.4                                              npm           
content-type                                                                  1.0.5                                              npm           
convertlit                                                                    1.8-11                                             alpm          
cookie                                                                        0.4.2                                              npm           
cookie                                                                        0.5.0                                              npm           
cookie-signature                                                              1.0.6                                              npm           
corepack                                                                      0.19.0                                             npm           
coreutils                                                                     9.3-1                                              alpm          
cors                                                                          2.8.5                                              npm           
cryptsetup                                                                    2.6.1-3                                            alpm          
cups                                                                          1:2.4.6-1                                          alpm          
cups-filters                                                                  1.28.17-4                                          alpm          
cups-pdf                                                                      3.0.1-7                                            alpm          
curl                                                                          8.2.1-1                                            alpm          
dav1d                                                                         1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
db                                                                            6.2.32-1                                           alpm          
db5.3                                                                         5.3.28-2                                           alpm          
dbus                                                                          1.14.8-1                                           alpm          
dbus-glib                                                                     0.112-3                                            alpm          
dconf                                                                         0.40.0-2                                           alpm          
debug                                                                         2.6.9                                              npm           
debug                                                                         4.3.4                                              npm           
debugedit                                                                     5.0-5                                              alpm          
default-cursors                                                               2-1                                                alpm          
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                              npm           
desktop-file-utils                                                            0.26-2                                             alpm          
destroy                                                                       1.2.0                                              npm           
device-mapper                                                                 2.03.22-2                                          alpm          
diffutils                                                                     3.10-1                                             alpm          
digikam                                                                       8.1.0-1                                            alpm          
dnssec-anchors                                                                20190629-3                                         alpm          
docker                                                                        1:24.0.5-1                                         alpm          
docker-compose                                                                2.20.3-1                                           alpm          
double-conversion                                                             3.3.0-1                                            alpm          
duktape                                                                       2.7.0-6                                            alpm          
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.47.0-1                                           alpm          
ebook-tools                                                                   0.2.2-7                                            alpm          
ee-first                                                                      1.1.1                                              npm           
ejs                                                                           3.1.9                                              npm           
encodeurl                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm           
engine.io                                                                     6.5.2                                              npm           
engine.io-parser                                                              5.2.1                                              npm           
escape-html                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm           
etag                                                                          1.8.1                                              npm           
exiv2                                                                         0.28.0-3                                           alpm          
expat                                                                         2.5.0-1                                            alpm          
express                                                                       4.18.2                                             npm           
fakeroot                                                                      1.32.1-1                                           alpm          
ffmpeg                                                                        2:6.0-8                                            alpm          
fftw                                                                          3.3.10-4                                           alpm          
file                                                                          5.45-1                                             alpm          
file-uri-to-path                                                              1.0.0                                              npm           
filelist                                                                      1.0.4                                              npm           
filesystem                                                                    2023.01.31-1                                       alpm          
finalhandler                                                                  1.2.0                                              npm           
findutils                                                                     4.9.0-3                                            alpm          
firefox                                                                       116.0.3-1                                          alpm          
flac                                                                          1.4.3-1                                            alpm          
flex                                                                          2.6.4-5                                            alpm          
fontconfig                                                                    2:2.14.2-1                                         alpm          
forwarded                                                                     0.2.0                                              npm           
freeglut                                                                      3.4.0-1                                            alpm          
freetype2                                                                     2.13.1-1                                           alpm          
fresh                                                                         0.5.2                                              npm           
fribidi                                                                       1.0.13-2                                           alpm          
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm           
fuse-common                                                                   3.16.1-1                                           alpm          
fuse-overlayfs                                                                1.12-1                                             alpm          
fuse3                                                                         3.16.1-1                                           alpm          
gawk                                                                          5.2.2-1                                            alpm          
gc                                                                            8.2.4-1                                            alpm          
gcc                                                                           13.2.1-3                                           alpm          
gcc-libs                                                                      13.2.1-3                                           alpm          
gd                                                                            2.3.3-6                                            alpm          
gdbm                                                                          1.23-2                                             alpm          
gdk-pixbuf2                                                                   2.42.10-2                                          alpm          
geoip                                                                         1.6.12-2                                           alpm          
geoip-database                                                                20230719-1                                         alpm          
get-intrinsic                                                                 1.2.1                                              npm           
gettext                                                                       0.22-1                                             alpm          
ghostscript                                                                   10.01.2-1                                          alpm          
giflib                                                                        5.2.1-2                                            alpm          
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.7                                             go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                              v3.2.1                                             go-module     
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.10.0-rc.8                                       go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.17.6                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.18.16                                           go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.13.16                                           go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.24                                           go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.30                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.24                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.31                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.24                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.12.5                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ssooidc                                  v1.14.5                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.18.6                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.13.5                                            go-module     
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/blang/semver/v4                                                    v4.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                             go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.9.1                                             go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.18.1                                            go-module     
github.com/container-orchestrated-devices/container-device-interface          v0.5.4                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/btrfs/v2                                                v2.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups/v3                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v0.0.0-20230602230040-0cae528dd6cb                 go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.7.3                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.4.1                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.9                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.7                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.2.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl/v2                                              v2.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.6                                             go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                            go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.5.0                                            go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                 go-module     
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                             go-module     
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20230601133803-97b1d649c493                 go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.11.2                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v24.0.5+incompatible                               go-module     
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.2+incompatible                                go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v24.0.5+incompatible                               go-module     
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/docker-proxy                                     (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/dockerd                                          (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                 go-module     
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.10.1                                            go-module     
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.3                                             go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.6.0                                             go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                             go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.4                                             go-module     
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                             v0.19.5                                            go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                           v0.20.0                                            go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                    v0.19.14                                           go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                             go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                             go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                             go-module     
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                             go-module     
github.com/golang/mock                                                        v1.6.0                                             go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.3                                             go-module     
github.com/google/gnostic                                                     v0.5.7-v3refs                                      go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                             go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                 go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                             go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.11.3                                            go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.6.0                                             go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                            go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.16                                            go-module     
github.com/in-toto/in-toto-golang                                             v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/josharian/intern                                                   v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                            go-module     
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51                 go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.0                                            go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.5                                            go-module     
github.com/klauspost/cpuid/v2                                                 v2.0.4                                             go-module     
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                    v0.7.6                                             go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.13                                            go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.17                                            go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.14                                            go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                            go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                             go-module     
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b                 go-module     
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/minio/sha256-simd                                                  v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.12.1                                            go-module     
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                 go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module     
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                                  v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2.0.20221005185240-3a7f492d3f1b           go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc4                                         go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.5                                             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.7                                             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.1.0-rc.1                                        go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-tools                                       v0.9.1-0.20221107090550-2e043c6bd626               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                            go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.11.0                                            go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                             go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                             go-module     
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                            go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.37.0                                            go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.42.0                                            go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.8.0                                             go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.9.0                                             go-module     
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646               go-module     
github.com/secure-systems-lab/go-securesystemslib                             v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                 go-module     
github.com/shibumi/go-pathspec                                                v1.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                             go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                             go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.3                                             go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                             go-module     
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                 go-module     
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.4                                             go-module     
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                 go-module     
github.com/tchap/go-patricia/v2                                               v2.3.1                                             go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/tilt-dev/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.8-0.20220602155310-fff9c274a375               go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230629203738-36ef4d8c0dbb                 go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                 go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20230623042737-f9a4f7ef6531                 go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                            go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.12                                           go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.2.1-beta.2                                      go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                 go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                 go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb                 go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                 go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                             go-module     
glib-networking                                                               1:2.76.1-1                                         alpm          
glib2                                                                         2.76.4-1                                           alpm          
glibc                                                                         2.38-3                                             alpm          
glu                                                                           9.0.3-1                                            alpm          
gmp                                                                           6.3.0-1                                            alpm          
gnu-netcat                                                                    0.7.1-9                                            alpm          
gnupg                                                                         2.2.41-1                                           alpm          
gnutls                                                                        3.8.1-1                                            alpm          
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.7                                             go-module     
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                 go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.40.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.40.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.40.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.37.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.19.0                                            go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.1.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.7.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/exp                                                              v0.0.0-20230713183714-613f0c0eb8a1                 go-module     
golang.org/x/mod                                                              v0.9.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.8.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.9.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.4.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.7.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.3.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.6.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.7.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.6.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.7.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.8.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.9.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8                 go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.3.0                                             go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230306155012-7f2fa6fef1f4                 go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230526161137-0005af68ea54                 go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/api                                     v0.0.0-20230525234035-dd9d682886f9                 go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc                                     v0.0.0-20230525234030-28d5490b6b19                 go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.53.0                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.57.0                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.29.1                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.30.0                                            go-module     
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                             go-module     
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                             go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                             go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module     
gperftools                                                                    2.10-3                                             alpm          
gpgme                                                                         1.22.0-1                                           alpm          
gptfdisk                                                                      1.0.9-2                                            alpm          
grantlee                                                                      5.3.1-1                                            alpm          
grantleetheme                                                                 23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
graphene                                                                      1.10.8-1                                           alpm          
graphite                                                                      1:1.3.14-3                                         alpm          
grep                                                                          3.11-1                                             alpm          
groff                                                                         1.23.0-3                                           alpm          
gsettings-desktop-schemas                                                     44.0-1                                             alpm          
gsm                                                                           1.0.22-1                                           alpm          
gst-plugins-base                                                              1.22.5-1                                           alpm          
gst-plugins-base-libs                                                         1.22.5-1                                           alpm          
gstreamer                                                                     1.22.5-1                                           alpm          
gtk-update-icon-cache                                                         1:4.12.1-1                                         alpm          
gtk3                                                                          1:3.24.38-1                                        alpm          
guile                                                                         3.0.9-1                                            alpm          
gzip                                                                          1.12-3                                             alpm          
harfbuzz                                                                      8.1.1-1                                            alpm          
has                                                                           1.0.3                                              npm           
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                              npm           
has-proto                                                                     1.0.1                                              npm           
has-symbols                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm           
hicolor-icon-theme                                                            0.17-3                                             alpm          
hidapi                                                                        0.14.0-1                                           alpm          
highway                                                                       1.0.6-1                                            alpm          
http-errors                                                                   2.0.0                                              npm           
hwdata                                                                        0.373-1                                            alpm          
hwloc                                                                         2.9.1-1                                            alpm          
iana-etc                                                                      20230803-1                                         alpm          
iconv-lite                                                                    0.4.24                                             npm           
icu                                                                           73.2-2                                             alpm          
ijs                                                                           0.35-5                                             alpm          
imagemagick                                                                   7.1.1.15-2                                         alpm          
imath                                                                         3.1.9-1                                            alpm          
imlib2                                                                        1.12.0-1                                           alpm          
inetutils                                                                     2.4-1                                              alpm          
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                              npm           
intel-gmmlib                                                                  22.3.3-1                                           alpm          
intel-media-driver                                                            23.3.1-1                                           alpm          
ipaddr.js                                                                     1.9.1                                              npm           
iproute2                                                                      6.4.0-1                                            alpm          
iptables                                                                      1:1.8.9-1                                          alpm          
iso-codes                                                                     4.15.0-1                                           alpm          
jack2                                                                         1.9.22-1                                           alpm          
jake                                                                          10.8.7                                             npm           
jansson                                                                       2.14-2                                             alpm          
jasper                                                                        4.0.0-1                                            alpm          
jbig2dec                                                                      0.19-1                                             alpm          
jemalloc                                                                      1:5.3.0-2                                          alpm          
jpegxl                                                                                                                           java-archive  
jq                                                                            1.6-4                                              alpm          
js                                                                            1.0.0                                              npm           
json-c                                                                        0.17-1                                             alpm          
json-glib                                                                     1.6.6-2                                            alpm          
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.27.1                                            go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.90.1                                            go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                           v0.0.0-20221012153701-172d655c2280                 go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20230220204549-a5ecb0141aa5                 go-module     
kaccounts-integration                                                         23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
karchive                                                                      5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kauth                                                                         5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kbd                                                                           2.6.2-1                                            alpm          
kbookmarks                                                                    5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kcalendarcore                                                                 5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kclient                                                                       0.3.6                                              npm           
kcmutils                                                                      5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kcodecs                                                                       5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kcompletion                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kconfig                                                                       5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kconfigwidgets                                                                5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kcontacts                                                                     1:5.109.0-1                                        alpm          
kcoreaddons                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kcrash                                                                        5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kdbusaddons                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kdeclarative                                                                  5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kded                                                                          5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kernel.org/pub/linux/libs/security/libcap/cap                                 v1.2.69                                            go-module     
kernel.org/pub/linux/libs/security/libcap/psx                                 v1.2.69                                            go-module     
keyutils                                                                      1.6.3-2                                            alpm          
kfilemetadata                                                                 5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kglobalaccel                                                                  5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kguiaddons                                                                    5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
ki18n                                                                         5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kiconthemes                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kio                                                                           5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kitemmodels                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kitemviews                                                                    5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kjobwidgets                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kmime                                                                         23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
kmod                                                                          30-3                                               alpm          
knewstuff                                                                     5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
knotifications                                                                5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
knotifyconfig                                                                 5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kpackage                                                                      5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
krb5                                                                          1.20.1-1                                           alpm          
ksanecore                                                                     23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
kservice                                                                      5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
ktextwidgets                                                                  5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kwallet                                                                       5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kwidgetsaddons                                                                5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kwindowsystem                                                                 5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
kxmlgui                                                                       5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
l-smash                                                                       2.14.5-3                                           alpm          
lame                                                                          3.100-4                                            alpm          
lapack                                                                        3.11.0-2                                           alpm          
lcms2                                                                         2.15-1                                             alpm          
ldns                                                                          1.8.3-2                                            alpm          
lensfun                                                                       0.3.4                                              python        
lensfun                                                                       1:0.3.4-3                                          alpm          
less                                                                          1:643-1                                            alpm          
libaccounts-glib                                                              1.26-2                                             alpm          
libaccounts-qt                                                                1.16-3                                             alpm          
libakonadi                                                                    23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
libarchive                                                                    3.7.1-1                                            alpm          
libass                                                                        0.17.1-1                                           alpm          
libassuan                                                                     2.5.6-1                                            alpm          
libasyncns                                                                    1:0.8+r3+g68cd5af-2                                alpm          
libatasmart                                                                   0.19-6                                             alpm          
libavc1394                                                                    0.5.4-6                                            alpm          
libavif                                                                       0.11.1-1                                           alpm          
libblockdev                                                                   2.28-4                                             alpm          
libbluray                                                                     1.3.4-1                                            alpm          
libbluray-awt-j2se                                                            1.3.4                                              java-archive  
libbluray-j2se                                                                1.3.4                                              java-archive  
libbpf                                                                        1.2.2-1                                            alpm          
libbs2b                                                                       3.1.0-8                                            alpm          
libbytesize                                                                   2.8-2                                              alpm          
libcacard                                                                     2.7.0-2                                            alpm          
libcanberra                                                                   1:0.30+r2+gc0620e4-3                               alpm          
libcap                                                                        2.69-1                                             alpm          
libcap-ng                                                                     0.8.3-2                                            alpm          
libcloudproviders                                                             0.3.2-1                                            alpm          
libcolord                                                                     1.4.6-1                                            alpm          
libcups                                                                       1:2.4.6-1                                          alpm          
libdaemon                                                                     0.14-5                                             alpm          
libdatrie                                                                     0.2.13-4                                           alpm          
libdbusmenu-qt5                                                               0.9.3+16.04.20160218-6                             alpm          
libdc1394                                                                     2.2.7-1                                            alpm          
libde265                                                                      1.0.12-1                                           alpm          
libdmtx                                                                       0.7.7-1                                            alpm          
libdrm                                                                        2.4.116-1                                          alpm          
libedit                                                                       20221030_3.1-1                                     alpm          
libelf                                                                        0.189-3                                            alpm          
libepoxy                                                                      1.5.10-2                                           alpm          
libevdev                                                                      1.13.1-1                                           alpm          
libevent                                                                      2.1.12-4                                           alpm          
libexif                                                                       0.6.24-2                                           alpm          
libffi                                                                        3.4.4-1                                            alpm          
libfontenc                                                                    1.1.7-1                                            alpm          
libgcrypt                                                                     1.10.2-1                                           alpm          
libglvnd                                                                      1.6.0-1                                            alpm          
libgpg-error                                                                  1.47-1                                             alpm          
libgphoto2                                                                    2.5.30-2                                           alpm          
libgudev                                                                      238-1                                              alpm          
libheif                                                                       1.16.2-1                                           alpm          
libical                                                                       3.0.16-5                                           alpm          
libice                                                                        1.1.1-2                                            alpm          
libidn                                                                        1.41-1                                             alpm          
libidn2                                                                       2.3.4-3                                            alpm          
libiec61883                                                                   1.2.0-7                                            alpm          
libieee1284                                                                   0.2.11-15                                          alpm          
libimobiledevice                                                              1.3.0-9                                            alpm          
libinih                                                                       57-1                                               alpm          
libinput                                                                      1.24.0-1                                           alpm          
libisl                                                                        0.26-1                                             alpm          
libjpeg-turbo                                                                 3.0.0-1                                            alpm          
libjxl                                                                        0.8.2-1                                            alpm          
libksane                                                                      23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
libksba                                                                       1.6.4-1                                            alpm          
libldap                                                                       2.6.6-1                                            alpm          
liblqr                                                                        0.4.2-3                                            alpm          
libmfx                                                                        23.2.2-2                                           alpm          
libmnl                                                                        1.0.5-1                                            alpm          
libmodplug                                                                    0.8.9.0-5                                          alpm          
libmpc                                                                        1.3.1-1                                            alpm          
libnetfilter_conntrack                                                        1.0.9-1                                            alpm          
libnfnetlink                                                                  1.0.2-1                                            alpm          
libnftnl                                                                      1.2.6-1                                            alpm          
libnghttp2                                                                    1.55.1-1                                           alpm          
libnl                                                                         3.7.0-3                                            alpm          
libnotify                                                                     0.8.2-1                                            alpm          
libnsl                                                                        2.0.0-3                                            alpm          
libogg                                                                        1.3.5-1                                            alpm          
libomxil-bellagio                                                             0.9.3-4                                            alpm          
libopenmpt                                                                    0.7.2-1                                            alpm          
libp11-kit                                                                    0.25.0-1                                           alpm          
libpaper                                                                      2.1.1-1                                            alpm          
libpcap                                                                       1.10.4-1                                           alpm          
libpciaccess                                                                  0.17-1                                             alpm          
libplist                                                                      2.3.0-2                                            alpm          
libpng                                                                        1.6.40-2                                           alpm          
libproxy                                                                      0.5.3-2                                            alpm          
libpsl                                                                        0.21.2-1                                           alpm          
libpulse                                                                      16.1-6                                             alpm          
libraqm                                                                       0.10.1-1                                           alpm          
libraw1394                                                                    2.1.2-3                                            alpm          
librsvg                                                                       2:2.56.3-1                                         alpm          
libsamplerate                                                                 0.2.2-2                                            alpm          
libsasl                                                                       2.1.28-4                                           alpm          
libseccomp                                                                    2.5.4-2                                            alpm          
libsecret                                                                     0.21.0-1                                           alpm          
libsm                                                                         1.2.4-1                                            alpm          
libsndfile                                                                    1.2.2-1                                            alpm          
libsoup3                                                                      3.4.2-1                                            alpm          
libsoxr                                                                       0.1.3-3                                            alpm          
libssh                                                                        0.10.5-1                                           alpm          
libssh2                                                                       1.11.0-1                                           alpm          
libstemmer                                                                    2.2.0-2                                            alpm          
libsysprof-capture                                                            3.48.0-4                                           alpm          
libtasn1                                                                      4.19.0-1                                           alpm          
libthai                                                                       0.1.29-3                                           alpm          
libtheora                                                                     1.1.1-6                                            alpm          
libtiff                                                                       4.5.1-1                                            alpm          
libtirpc                                                                      1.3.3-2                                            alpm          
libtommath                                                                    1.2.0-4                                            alpm          
libtool                                                                       2.4.7+4+g1ec8fa28-6                                alpm          
libunistring                                                                  1.1-2                                              alpm          
libunwind                                                                     1.6.2-2                                            alpm          
liburing                                                                      2.4-1                                              alpm          
libusb                                                                        1.0.26-2                                           alpm          
libusbmuxd                                                                    2.0.2-3                                            alpm          
libutempter                                                                   1.2.1-3                                            alpm          
libuv                                                                         1.46.0-1                                           alpm          
libva                                                                         2.19.0-1                                           alpm          
libva-mesa-driver                                                             1:23.1.6-1                                         alpm          
libvdpau                                                                      1.5-1                                              alpm          
libverto                                                                      0.3.2-4                                            alpm          
libvorbis                                                                     1.3.7-3                                            alpm          
libvpx                                                                        1.13.0-1                                           alpm          
libwacom                                                                      2.7.0-1                                            alpm          
libwebp                                                                       1.3.1-1                                            alpm          
libx11                                                                        1.8.6-1                                            alpm          
libxau                                                                        1.0.11-2                                           alpm          
libxaw                                                                        1.0.15-1                                           alpm          
libxcb                                                                        1.16-1                                             alpm          
libxcomposite                                                                 0.4.6-1                                            alpm          
libxcrypt                                                                     4.4.36-1                                           alpm          
libxcursor                                                                    1.2.1-3                                            alpm          
libxdamage                                                                    1.1.6-1                                            alpm          
libxdmcp                                                                      1.1.4-2                                            alpm          
libxext                                                                       1.3.5-1                                            alpm          
libxfixes                                                                     6.0.1-1                                            alpm          
libxfont2                                                                     2.0.6-2                                            alpm          
libxft                                                                        2.3.8-1                                            alpm          
libxi                                                                         1.8.1-1                                            alpm          
libxinerama                                                                   1.1.5-1                                            alpm          
libxkbcommon                                                                  1.5.0-1                                            alpm          
libxkbcommon-x11                                                              1.5.0-1                                            alpm          
libxkbfile                                                                    1.1.2-1                                            alpm          
libxml2                                                                       2.11.5-1                                           alpm          
libxmu                                                                        1.1.4-1                                            alpm          
libxpm                                                                        3.5.16-1                                           alpm          
libxrandr                                                                     1.5.3-1                                            alpm          
libxrender                                                                    0.9.11-1                                           alpm          
libxshmfence                                                                  1.3.2-1                                            alpm          
libxslt                                                                       1.1.38-1                                           alpm          
libxss                                                                        1.2.3-4                                            alpm          
libxt                                                                         1.3.0-1                                            alpm          
libxtst                                                                       1.2.4-1                                            alpm          
libxv                                                                         1.0.12-1                                           alpm          
libxvmc                                                                       1.0.13-2                                           alpm          
libxxf86vm                                                                    1.1.5-1                                            alpm          
libyuv                                                                        r2322+3aebf69d-1                                   alpm          
libzip                                                                        1.10.0-1                                           alpm          
linux-api-headers                                                             6.4-1                                              alpm          
llvm-libs                                                                     15.0.7-3                                           alpm          
lm_sensors                                                                    1:3.6.0.r41.g31d1f125-2                            alpm          
luit                                                                          20230201-1                                         alpm          
lz4                                                                           1:1.9.4-1                                          alpm          
lzo                                                                           2.10-5                                             alpm          
m4                                                                            1.4.19-3                                           alpm          
mailcap                                                                       2.1.54-1                                           alpm          
make                                                                          4.4.1-2                                            alpm          
marble-common                                                                 23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
mariadb                                                                       11.1.2-1                                           alpm          
mariadb-clients                                                               11.1.2-1                                           alpm          
mariadb-libs                                                                  11.1.2-1                                           alpm          
md4c                                                                          0.4.8-1                                            alpm          
mdadm                                                                         4.2-2                                              alpm          
media-player-info                                                             24-2                                               alpm          
media-typer                                                                   0.3.0                                              npm           
merge-descriptors                                                             1.0.1                                              npm           
mesa                                                                          1:23.1.6-1                                         alpm          
methods                                                                       1.1.2                                              npm           
mime                                                                          1.6.0                                              npm           
mime-db                                                                       1.52.0                                             npm           
mime-types                                                                    2.1.35                                             npm           
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                              npm           
minimatch                                                                     5.1.6                                              npm           
minizip                                                                       1:1.3-1                                            alpm          
mpfr                                                                          4.2.1-1                                            alpm          
mpg123                                                                        1.31.3-1                                           alpm          
ms                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                              npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                              npm           
mtdev                                                                         1.1.6-2                                            alpm          
nan                                                                           2.17.0                                             npm           
ncurses                                                                       6.4_20230520-1                                     alpm          
negotiator                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm           
net-snmp                                                                      5.9.1-7                                            alpm          
netsnmp-python                                                                1.0a1                                              python        
nettle                                                                        3.9.1-1                                            alpm          
nginx                                                                         1.24.0-1                                           alpm          
nodejs                                                                        20.5.1-1                                           alpm          
noto-fonts                                                                    1:23.8.1-1                                         alpm          
npth                                                                          1.6-4                                              alpm          
nspr                                                                          4.35-1                                             alpm          
nss                                                                           3.92-1                                             alpm          
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                              npm           
object-inspect                                                                1.12.3                                             npm           
ocl-icd                                                                       2.3.2-1                                            alpm          
on-finished                                                                   2.4.1                                              npm           
onetbb                                                                        2021.9.0-1                                         alpm          
oniguruma                                                                     6.9.8-1                                            alpm          
openal                                                                        1.23.1-1                                           alpm          
openbox                                                                       3.6.1-10                                           alpm          
opencore-amr                                                                  0.1.6-1                                            alpm          
opencv                                                                        4.8.0-3                                            alpm          
opencv                                                                        480                                                java-archive  
openexr                                                                       3.1.10-1                                           alpm          
openjpeg2                                                                     2.5.0-2                                            alpm          
openmpi                                                                       4.1.5-3                                            alpm          
openpmix                                                                      4.2.5-1                                            alpm          
openssh                                                                       9.4p1-2                                            alpm          
openssl                                                                       3.1.2-1                                            alpm          
opus                                                                          1.4-1                                              alpm          
orc                                                                           0.4.34-1                                           alpm          
p11-kit                                                                       0.25.0-1                                           alpm          
pacman                                                                        6.0.2-7                                            alpm          
pacman-mirrorlist                                                             20230820-1                                         alpm          
pam                                                                           1.5.3-3                                            alpm          
pambase                                                                       20221020-1                                         alpm          
pango                                                                         1:1.50.14-1                                        alpm          
parseurl                                                                      1.3.3                                              npm           
parted                                                                        3.6-1                                              alpm          
patch                                                                         2.7.6-10                                           alpm          
path-to-regexp                                                                0.1.7                                              npm           
pciutils                                                                      3.10.0-1                                           alpm          
pcre                                                                          8.45-4                                             alpm          
pcre2                                                                         10.42-2                                            alpm          
perl                                                                          5.38.0-1                                           alpm          
perl-b-hooks-endofscope                                                       0.26-2                                             alpm          
perl-class-data-inheritable                                                   0.09-4                                             alpm          
perl-class-inspector                                                          1.36-6                                             alpm          
perl-class-load                                                               0.25-3                                             alpm          
perl-class-singleton                                                          1.6-2                                              alpm          
perl-clone                                                                    0.46-2                                             alpm          
perl-data-optlist                                                             0.114-2                                            alpm          
perl-datetime                                                                 1.59-2                                             alpm          
perl-datetime-locale                                                          1.39-1                                             alpm          
perl-datetime-timezone                                                        2.60-1                                             alpm          
perl-devel-stacktrace                                                         2.04-3                                             alpm          
perl-dist-checkconflicts                                                      0.11-9                                             alpm          
perl-eval-closure                                                             0.14-9                                             alpm          
perl-exception-class                                                          1.45-3                                             alpm          
perl-exporter-tiny                                                            1.006002-2                                         alpm          
perl-file-sharedir                                                            1.118-3                                            alpm          
perl-file-sharedir-install                                                    0.14-2                                             alpm          
perl-hash-merge-simple                                                        0.051-7                                            alpm          
perl-image-exiftool                                                           12.60-3                                            alpm          
perl-list-allutils                                                            0.19-2                                             alpm          
perl-list-moreutils                                                           0.430-4                                            alpm          
perl-list-moreutils-xs                                                        0.430-4                                            alpm          
perl-list-someutils                                                           0.59-2                                             alpm          
perl-list-utilsby                                                             0.12-2                                             alpm          
perl-math-round                                                               0.07-5                                             alpm          
perl-module-implementation                                                    0.09-9                                             alpm          
perl-module-runtime                                                           0.016-3                                            alpm          
perl-mro-compat                                                               0.15-2                                             alpm          
perl-namespace-autoclean                                                      0.29-5                                             alpm          
perl-namespace-clean                                                          0.27-9                                             alpm          
perl-package-stash                                                            0.40-3                                             alpm          
perl-package-stash-xs                                                         0.30-2                                             alpm          
perl-params-util                                                              1.102-4                                            alpm          
perl-params-validate                                                          1.31-2                                             alpm          
perl-params-validationcompiler                                                0.31-2                                             alpm          
perl-role-tiny                                                                2.002004-4                                         alpm          
perl-specio                                                                   0.48-1                                             alpm          
perl-sub-exporter                                                             0.990-2                                            alpm          
perl-sub-exporter-progressive                                                 0.001013-9                                         alpm          
perl-sub-identify                                                             0.14-11                                            alpm          
perl-sub-install                                                              0.928-9                                            alpm          
perl-switch                                                                   2.17-9                                             alpm          
perl-test-fatal                                                               0.017-2                                            alpm          
perl-try-tiny                                                                 0.31-3                                             alpm          
perl-variable-magic                                                           0.63-2                                             alpm          
perl-yaml-tiny                                                                1.74-2                                             alpm          
phonon-qt5                                                                    4.11.1-3                                           alpm          
phonon-qt5-gstreamer                                                          4.10.0-4                                           alpm          
pinentry                                                                      1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
pixman                                                                        0.42.2-1                                           alpm          
pkgconf                                                                       1.8.1-1                                            alpm          
polkit                                                                        123-1                                              alpm          
polkit-qt5                                                                    0.114.0-1                                          alpm          
poppler                                                                       23.08.0-1                                          alpm          
poppler-data                                                                  0.4.12-1                                           alpm          
poppler-glib                                                                  23.08.0-1                                          alpm          
poppler-qt5                                                                   23.08.0-1                                          alpm          
popt                                                                          1.19-1                                             alpm          
portaudio                                                                     1:19.7.0-2                                         alpm          
prison                                                                        5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
procps-ng                                                                     4.0.3-1                                            alpm          
protobuf                                                                      23.4-1                                             alpm          
proxy-addr                                                                    2.0.7                                              npm           
pulseaudio                                                                    16.1-6                                             alpm          
pulseaudio2                                                                   0.5.5                                              npm           
python                                                                        3.11.3-2                                           alpm          
python-pyxdg                                                                  0.28-2                                             alpm          
pyxdg                                                                         0.28                                               python        
qca-qt5                                                                       2.3.7-1                                            alpm          
qpdf                                                                          11.5.0-1                                           alpm          
qrencode                                                                      4.1.1-2                                            alpm          
qs                                                                            6.11.0                                             npm           
qt5-base                                                                      5.15.10+kde+r147-1                                 alpm          
qt5-declarative                                                               5.15.10+kde+r29-1                                  alpm          
qt5-location                                                                  5.15.10+kde+r4-2                                   alpm          
qt5-multimedia                                                                5.15.10+kde+r3-1                                   alpm          
qt5-networkauth                                                               5.15.10-1                                          alpm          
qt5-speech                                                                    5.15.10+kde+r1-1                                   alpm          
qt5-svg                                                                       5.15.10+kde+r8-1                                   alpm          
qt5-translations                                                              5.15.10-1                                          alpm          
qt5-wayland                                                                   5.15.10+kde+r52-1                                  alpm          
qt5-webchannel                                                                5.15.10+kde+r3-1                                   alpm          
qt5-webengine                                                                 5.15.14-5                                          alpm          
qt5-x11extras                                                                 5.15.10-1                                          alpm          
qt5-xmlpatterns                                                               5.15.10-1                                          alpm          
range-parser                                                                  1.2.1                                              npm           
rav1e                                                                         0.6.6-1                                            alpm          
raw-body                                                                      2.5.1                                              npm           
readline                                                                      8.2.001-2                                          alpm          
rtkit                                                                         0.13-2                                             alpm          
runc                                                                          1.1.9-1                                            alpm          
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                              npm           
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                              npm           
sane                                                                          1.2.1-4                                            alpm          
sdl2                                                                          2.28.2-1                                           alpm          
sed                                                                           4.9-3                                              alpm          
send                                                                          0.18.0                                             npm           
serve-static                                                                  1.15.0                                             npm           
setprototypeof                                                                1.2.0                                              npm           
shadow                                                                        4.13-2                                             alpm          
shared-mime-info                                                              2.2+13+ga2ffb28-1                                  alpm          
side-channel                                                                  1.0.4                                              npm           
signon-kwallet-extension                                                      23.04.3-1                                          alpm          
signon-plugin-oauth2                                                          0.25-1                                             alpm          
signon-ui                                                                     0.17+20171022-3                                    alpm          
signond                                                                       8.61-1                                             alpm          
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                              v0.0.0-20220713155537-f223a00ba0e2                 go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.3                                             go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.3.0                                             go-module     
snappy                                                                        1.1.9-2                                            alpm          
socket.io                                                                     4.7.2                                              npm           
socket.io-adapter                                                             2.5.2                                              npm           
socket.io-parser                                                              4.2.4                                              npm           
solid                                                                         5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
sonnet                                                                        5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
sound-theme-freedesktop                                                       0.8-5                                              alpm          
speex                                                                         1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
speexdsp                                                                      1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
spice                                                                         0.15.2-1                                           alpm          
spice-protocol                                                                0.14.4-1                                           alpm          
sqlite                                                                        3.42.0-1                                           alpm          
srt                                                                           1.5.2-1                                            alpm          
startup-notification                                                          0.12-8                                             alpm          
statuses                                                                      2.0.1                                              npm           
sudo                                                                          1.9.14.p3-1                                        alpm          
supports-color                                                                7.2.0                                              npm           
svt-av1                                                                       1.6.0-1                                            alpm          
syndication                                                                   5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
systemd                                                                       254.1-1                                            alpm          
systemd-libs                                                                  254.1-1                                            alpm          
taglib                                                                        1.13.1-1                                           alpm          
tar                                                                           1.35-1                                             alpm          
tdb                                                                           1.4.9-1                                            alpm          
texinfo                                                                       7.0.3-1                                            alpm          
threadweaver                                                                  5.109.0-1                                          alpm          
toidentifier                                                                  1.0.1                                              npm           
tpm2-tss                                                                      4.0.1-1                                            alpm          
tracker3                                                                      3.5.3-2                                            alpm          
tslib                                                                         1.22-1                                             alpm          
turbojpeg                                                                                                                        java-archive  
type-is                                                                       1.6.18                                             npm           
tzdata                                                                        2023c-2                                            alpm          
udisks2                                                                       2.9.4-4                                            alpm          
unpipe                                                                        1.0.0                                              npm           
upower                                                                        1.90.2-1                                           alpm          
usbmuxd                                                                       1.1.1-3                                            alpm          
util-linux                                                                    2.39.2-1                                           alpm          
util-linux-libs                                                               2.39.2-1                                           alpm          
utils-merge                                                                   1.0.1                                              npm           
v4l-utils                                                                     1.24.1-2                                           alpm          
vary                                                                          1.1.2                                              npm           
vid.stab                                                                      1.1.1-1                                            alpm          
vmaf                                                                          2.3.1-1                                            alpm          
volume_key                                                                    0.3.12-8                                           alpm          
vulkan-icd-loader                                                             1.3.255-1                                          alpm          
vulkan-intel                                                                  1:23.1.6-1                                         alpm          
vulkan-radeon                                                                 1:23.1.6-1                                         alpm          
wayland                                                                       1.22.0-1                                           alpm          
webrtc-audio-processing                                                       0.3.1-4                                            alpm          
which                                                                         2.21-6                                             alpm          
ws                                                                            8.11.0                                             npm           
x264                                                                          3:0.164.r3095.baee400-4                            alpm          
x265                                                                          3.5-3                                              alpm          
xbitmaps                                                                      1.1.3-1                                            alpm          
xcb-proto                                                                     1.16.0-1                                           alpm          
xcb-util                                                                      0.4.1-1                                            alpm          
xcb-util-image                                                                0.4.1-2                                            alpm          
xcb-util-keysyms                                                              0.4.1-4                                            alpm          
xcb-util-renderutil                                                           0.3.10-1                                           alpm          
xcb-util-wm                                                                   0.4.2-1                                            alpm          
xdg-utils                                                                     1.1.3+45+g301a1a4-1                                alpm          
xf86-video-amdgpu                                                             23.0.0-1                                           alpm          
xf86-video-ati                                                                1:22.0.0-1                                         alpm          
xf86-video-intel                                                              1:2.99.917+923+gb74b67f0-1                         alpm          
xf86-video-nouveau                                                            1.0.17-2                                           alpm          
xf86-video-qxl                                                                0.1.6-1                                            alpm          
xkeyboard-config                                                              2.39-1                                             alpm          
xorg-fonts-encodings                                                          1.0.7-1                                            alpm          
xorg-setxkbmap                                                                1.3.4-1                                            alpm          
xorg-xauth                                                                    1.1.2-1                                            alpm          
xorg-xkbcomp                                                                  1.4.6-1                                            alpm          
xorg-xprop                                                                    1.2.6-1                                            alpm          
xorg-xset                                                                     1.2.5-1                                            alpm          
xorgproto                                                                     2023.2-1                                           alpm          
xterm                                                                         384-1                                              alpm          
xvidcore                                                                      1.3.7-2                                            alpm          
xz                                                                            5.4.4-1                                            alpm          
zimg                                                                          3.0.5-1                                            alpm          
zlib                                                                          1:1.3-1                                            alpm          
zstd                                                                          1.5.5-1                                            alpm          
zxing-cpp                                                                     2.1.0-1                                            alpm          
